Mithril update 2023-11-22 (#294)
input-output-hk/cardano-updates: blog/2023-11-22-mithril.md

---
title: Mithril Team Update
slug: 2023-11-22-mithril
authors: jpraynaud
tags: [mithril]
hide_table_of_contents: false
---

## High level overview

> This week, the Mithril team progressed on decentralizing the Mithril networks with the peer-to-peer (P2P) networking proof-of-concept, completing the first prototype implementation of the Mithril relay which enables P2P signatures broadcast. They also progressed on the performances optimization of the aggregator. Additionally, the team completed some enhancements on the CI/CD that will help manually deploy experimental Mithril networks for Sanchonet as well as for the new P2P network layer.

Reviewer: ```suggestion

This week, the Mithril team made progress in decentralizing the Mithril networks with the peer-to-peer (P2P) networking proof of concept, completing the first prototype implementation of the Mithril relay, which enables P2P signature broadcasting. They also made progress in optimizing the performance of the aggregator. Additionally, the team completed some enhancements on the CI/CD that will help manually deploy experimental Mithril networks for SanchoNet, as well as for the new P2P network layer.
```

> Finally, they kept investigating why the signer runtime seems to be stuck from time to time for some SPOs, and they began preparing the release of the next distribution.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Finally, they investigated occasional runtime issues causing delays for certain SPOs and started preparing for the next distribution release.
```
